feat(lib): add Alerts (#3348)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/src/content/docs/getting-started/migration-from-boosted.mdx

## Components

### Alerts

- <span class="tag tag-small rounded-none tag-positive">New</span> `.alert-message`, `.alert-label`, `.alert-accent`, `.alert-neutral`, `.use-rounded-corner-alert`, `.alert-container`, `.alert-text-container`, `.alert-action-container`, `.alert-positive`, and `.alert-negative` have been added.

> - <span class="tag tag-small rounded-none tag-negative">Breaking</span> Alerts have changed a lot. The DOM has changed a lot and we recommend to read our [new Alerts page]([[docsref:/components/alerts]]) first. `.alert-sm`, `.alert-success`, `.alert-danger`, `.alert-dismissible`, `.alert-heading` have been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <span class="tag tag-small rounded-none tag-negative">Breaking</span> The DOM for alerts has changed a lot so we recommend to read our [new alerts page]([[docsref:/components/alerts]]) first. `.alert-sm`, `.alert-success`, `.alert-danger`, `.alert-dismissible`, `.alert-heading` have been removed.
```
